docs/api/index.md, before:

# API Documentation

Welcome to the Amega AI API documentation. This guide will help you understand and integrate with our API.

## Getting Help

If you encounter any issues or have questions:

- Check our [API Reference](reference.md) for detailed endpoint documentation
- Visit our [Troubleshooting Guide](../guides/troubleshooting.md)
- Open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/issues)
- Join our [Community Discord](https://discord.gg/amega-ai)

## Authentication

All API requests require authentication. See our [Authentication Guide](auth.md) for details on obtaining and using API keys.

## Overview

The Amega AI API is organized around REST principles. It accepts JSON-encoded request bodies, returns JSON-encoded responses, and uses standard HTTP response codes, authentication, and verbs.

## Base URL

```
https://api.amega-ai.com/v1
```

## Rate Limiting

The API implements rate limiting to ensure fair usage:

- 100 requests per minute for free tier
- 1000 requests per minute for pro tier
- Custom limits for enterprise tier

## Response Format

All responses follow this format:

```json
{
    "status": "success",
    "data": {
        // Response data here
    },
    "meta": {
        "page": 1,
        "total": 100,
        "limit": 10
    }
}
```

## Error Handling

Errors follow this format:

```json
{
    "status": "error",
    "error": {
        "code": "validation_error",
        "message": "Invalid input parameters",
        "details": {
            // Detailed error information
        }
    }
}
```

## Quick Links

- [Authentication Guide](auth.md)
- [API Endpoints](endpoints.md)
- [Code Examples](examples.md)

## Need Help?

If you need assistance:
- Check our [examples](examples.md)
- Join our [Discord community](https://discord.gg/amega-ai)
- Open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/issues)

Commit message:

Enhance API documentation with a Quick Start section, API structure overview, and additional help resources

docs/api/index.md, after:

# API Documentation

Welcome to the Amega AI API documentation. This guide will help you understand how to interact with our API.

## Quick Start

1. First, check out our [Authentication Guide](auth.md) to get your API credentials
2. Browse our [API Endpoints](endpoints.md) documentation
3. See our [Examples](examples.md) for common use cases

## API Structure

The Amega AI API is organized around REST principles. It accepts JSON-encoded request bodies, returns JSON-encoded responses, and uses standard HTTP response codes.

## Need Help?

If you need help or have questions:

1. Check our [Best Practices](../guides/best-practices.md) guide
2. Review our [Installation Guide](../guides/installation.md)
3. See our [Contributing Guide](../development/contributing.md) if you want to help improve the API

## Getting Help

If you encounter any issues or have questions:

- Check our [API Reference](reference.md) for detailed endpoint documentation
- Visit our [Troubleshooting Guide](../guides/troubleshooting.md)
- Open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/issues)
- Join our [Community Discord](https://discord.gg/amega-ai)

## Authentication

All API requests require authentication. See our [Authentication Guide](auth.md) for details on obtaining and using API keys.

## Overview

The Amega AI API is organized around REST principles. It accepts JSON-encoded request bodies, returns JSON-encoded responses, and uses standard HTTP response codes, authentication, and verbs.

## Base URL

```
https://api.amega-ai.com/v1
```

## Rate Limiting

The API implements rate limiting to ensure fair usage:

- 100 requests per minute for free tier
- 1000 requests per minute for pro tier
- Custom limits for enterprise tier

## Response Format

All responses follow this format:

```json
{
    "status": "success",
    "data": {
        // Response data here
    },
    "meta": {
        "page": 1,
        "total": 100,
        "limit": 10
    }
}
```

## Error Handling

Errors follow this format:

```json
{
    "status": "error",
    "error": {
        "code": "validation_error",
        "message": "Invalid input parameters",
        "details": {
            // Detailed error information
        }
    }
}
```

## Quick Links

- [Authentication Guide](auth.md)
- [API Endpoints](endpoints.md)
- [Code Examples](examples.md)

## Need Help?

If you need assistance:
- Check our [examples](examples.md)
- Join our [Discord community](https://discord.gg/amega-ai)
- Open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/issues)
