docs/index.md, before:

# Welcome to Amega AI

Amega AI is an advanced artificial intelligence platform designed to provide intelligent solutions for various use cases.

## Getting Started

[:octicons-arrow-right-24: Join Discussions](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/discussions)

## License

Amega AI is released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/blob/main/LICENSE)

## Community

We welcome contributions from the community! Check out our [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai.git

# Set up environment
cd amega-ai
./scripts/setup_venv.sh

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run the application
python -m src.amega_ai.main
```

## 🎯 Key Features

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-brain: __Advanced AI Models__

    ---

    State-of-the-art machine learning capabilities with deep learning integration
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Learn more](guides/ai-models.md)

-   :material-shield-lock: __Enterprise Security__

    ---

    Comprehensive security features including role-based access control and encryption
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Learn more](guides/security.md)

-   :material-chart-line: __Performance Monitoring__

    ---

    Real-time metrics and model drift detection with custom dashboards
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Learn more](guides/monitoring.md)

-   :material-cog-sync: __MLOps Integration__

    ---

    Automated deployments and CI/CD pipelines with A/B testing
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Learn more](guides/mlops.md)

</div>

## 📚 Documentation Sections

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-api: __API Documentation__

    ---

    Comprehensive API reference and integration guides
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View API Docs](api/index.md)

-   :material-book-open-page-variant: __User Guides__

    ---

    Step-by-step tutorials and best practices
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View Guides](guides/getting-started.md)

-   :material-code-tags: __Development__

    ---

    Contributing guidelines and development setup
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Start Contributing](development/contributing.md)

-   :material-lightbulb-on: __Best Practices__

    ---

    Recommended approaches and patterns
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Learn Best Practices](guides/best-practices.md)

</div>

## 🤝 Community

Join our growing community:

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-github: __GitHub Discussions__

    ---

    Engage with the community and get help
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Join Discussions](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/discussions)

-   :material-discord: __Discord Community__

    ---

    Chat with developers and users
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Join Discord](https://discord.gg/amega-ai)

<!-- -   :material-twitter: __Twitter Updates__

    --- -->
<!-- 
    Stay updated with latest news
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Follow Us](https://twitter.com/amega_ai) -->

</div>

## 📄 License

Amega AI is released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/blob/main/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Enhance documentation structure in index.md with quick links and detailed sections for API, Development, and Guides

docs/index.md, after:

# Welcome to Amega AI

Welcome to the Amega AI documentation. Here you'll find comprehensive guides and documentation to help you start working with Amega AI as quickly as possible.

## Quick Links

- [Installation Guide](guides/installation.md)
- [API Documentation](api/index.md)
- [Contributing Guide](development/contributing.md)
- [Best Practices](guides/best-practices.md)

## Documentation Structure

- **API Documentation**
  - [Authentication](api/auth.md)
  - [Endpoints](api/endpoints.md)
  - [Examples](api/examples.md)

- **Development**
  - [Contributing](development/contributing.md)
  - [Code Style](development/code-style.md)
  - [Testing](development/testing.md)
  - [Architecture](development/architecture.md)

- **Guides**
  - [Installation](guides/installation.md)
  - [Best Practices](guides/best-practices.md)

## Getting Started

[:octicons-arrow-right-24: Join Discussions](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/discussions)

## License

Amega AI is released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/blob/main/LICENSE)

## Community

We welcome contributions from the community! Check out our [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai.git

# Set up environment
cd amega-ai
./scripts/setup_venv.sh

# Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run the application
python -m src.amega_ai.main
```

## 🎯 Key Features

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-brain: __Advanced AI Models__

    ---

    State-of-the-art machine learning capabilities with deep learning integration
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Learn more](guides/ai-models.md)

-   :material-shield-lock: __Enterprise Security__

    ---

    Comprehensive security features including role-based access control and encryption
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Learn more](guides/security.md)

-   :material-chart-line: __Performance Monitoring__

    ---

    Real-time metrics and model drift detection with custom dashboards
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Learn more](guides/monitoring.md)

-   :material-cog-sync: __MLOps Integration__

    ---

    Automated deployments and CI/CD pipelines with A/B testing
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Learn more](guides/mlops.md)

</div>

## 📚 Documentation Sections

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-api: __API Documentation__

    ---

    Comprehensive API reference and integration guides
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View API Docs](api/index.md)

-   :material-book-open-page-variant: __User Guides__

    ---

    Step-by-step tutorials and best practices
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View Guides](guides/getting-started.md)

-   :material-code-tags: __Development__

    ---

    Contributing guidelines and development setup
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Start Contributing](development/contributing.md)

-   :material-lightbulb-on: __Best Practices__

    ---

    Recommended approaches and patterns
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Learn Best Practices](guides/best-practices.md)

</div>

## 🤝 Community

Join our growing community:

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-github: __GitHub Discussions__

    ---

    Engage with the community and get help
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Join Discussions](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/discussions)

-   :material-discord: __Discord Community__

    ---

    Chat with developers and users
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Join Discord](https://discord.gg/amega-ai)

<!-- -   :material-twitter: __Twitter Updates__

    --- -->
<!-- 
    Stay updated with latest news
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Follow Us](https://twitter.com/amega_ai) -->

</div>

## 📄 License

Amega AI is released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/amega-ai/amega-ai/blob/main/LICENSE).
